feat(ai): bring support for function calling via tools and tools_choice params (#3886)
scaleway/docs-content: ai-data/generative-apis/concepts.mdx

A context window is the maximum amount of prompt data considered by the model to generate a response. Using models with high context length, you can provide more information to generate relevant responses. The context is measured in tokens.

## Function calling

> Function calling allows a language model (LLM) to interact with external tools or APIs, executing specific tasks based on user requests. The LLM identifies the appropriate function, extracts needed parameters, and returns the results as structured data, typically in JSON format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Function calling allows a large language model (LLM) to interact with external tools or APIs, executing specific tasks based on user requests. The LLM identifies the appropriate function, extracts the required parameters, and returns the results as structured data, typically in JSON format.
```
